one-sided professional association his team
and you have a translator with us
want to help and 13
september rises in the ring first
once the obligatory question is one
preparation
hadzic was
love it can be years of faith
therefore
bordeaux big problems
Roger Wise
group arena aschaffenburg
it was responding to criticism
bring the biggest to every little one
the stall is
since even now
ie increased by one since
half year
guess beforehand
one year break and has papa family
had problems at home
1000 euro are all done then
in his environment after the general
just wanted the gym
aschaffenburg 'with elias with us
now just been preparing city
his training partner is also a consultant
The frankon leonard is
new
what we still more to the administration sarah
is very hardworking
it is a goal the end of september us
will see what at 13 but what
now with the enemy core business
clear words found him in
90 until the second round at the latest
would like to have proclaimed
what does he think of his opponent and how
copes with that critical words
finds
even that of your side
completely mammadova
who am I do not have one
saatchi saatchi
the courage
he said that
he should calmly express his claims
so far indeed in a second round
it is assumed that there is nothing to
is the second coming round he'll
I would totally follow and
concentrate first round because the
could me before the second round and
therefore time is ready and he should
just happy time on it because that makes
of that too, and should it be his plan
Leaning exactly known already has 102
even the cinemas but
is just itself, so to speak
Also on preparations has a kickbox
The stage is not exactly for a small one
backdrop k1 and the report
how does this work hand in hand?
Training spreads when two
prepare for fighting
and yes, as so does your dollhouse with
So this fight is a question for the
other with which should I start
first the training preparations themselves
prepare two fights so I have to
say the case is the strongest
training partner I have had so far
is always a challenge in the
Training to go the training
to get through and again the next day
train so hard and I think so
will be a walk to our next
fight
you have put on just between can
many know each other from the current
would you say a lot to the line
Differences in the preparation
said another stand in germany
was born as in berlin said that
everything goes like this we have in the arena
can create
get fresh wind with caa1 pure
nice by her
keeps a great training
does not pull around again
I do not miss the joojoo with that
camping or mms i just go away
everything, everything, and that, and I see
I prepared for the 18th of October
Freizeitzeitheim and I'm looking forward to it
huge on it
and this year I'm going to my
ringer the stage
start in the
second league and
I 'm looking forward to it as it is
Challenge
where I say goodbye now
injury-free preparation and much
Success for the fights was my last
ask another puzzle
there is said when he defeats him
We derive, goat before the fists
get title to fight
that would be a similar goal for him too
so far david defeated
to fight knox
to dampen that
plan is
as soon as the chips erwin
the complete video
He is currently focused on the fight
which takes place now from 13
september and everything does not matter that is
It has every fighter ready and Jabal
the known is the offer like
accept
and when the time comes, he will
Everything is well prepared
good many thanks
interview
Cologne